

Test benchmark_nonlinear-reciprocal using protocol replicated-ring-party.x 

Starting timer 1 at 0 after 2.389e-06
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
execute - reciprocal
Stopped timer 1 at 0.0617613
Join timer: 0 0.062042
Finish timer: 0.000609334
Main time: 6.3221e-05 MS
Time = 0.06275 seconds 
Time1 = 0.0617613 seconds 
Data sent = 1.09063 MB in ~105 rounds (party 0)
Global data sent = 3.16302 MB (all parties)
Success
